Our ministry is another kind
of search-and-rescue operation,
and we search wherever people can be found.
For example, in the following report,
notice the efforts our brothers made
to reach people living
in the remotest areas of Africa.
Jesus made the bold statement at Acts 1:8:
“You will be witnesses of me . . .
to the most distant part of the earth.”
This resonates deeply
in the country of Namibia.
These warm and beautiful people are spread
across great expanses
of dramatic and thirsty land.
The people
are not only separated
by physical distances
but they’re also separated
by cultures,
ancient traditions,
and historic injustices.
Since the South Africa branch office
oversees the work in this territory,
we are pleased to assist a group of brothers
from the capital city, Windhoek,
with a special witnessing trip.
So, brothers, our journey will start
in Windhoek,
and we’re going to travel to Gam first.
From there, we are going to go to Tsumkwe.
We’re going to camp in those two places,
Gam and Tsumkwe,
and we may travel a distance
of about 1,500 km (900 mi).
Let’s talk safety now.
You want to keep
three creatures out of your tent
—animals such as hyenas, scorpions,
and snakes.
Always zip your tent.
Toilet facilities
—a method that Moses
prescribed for the Israelites.
When we enter the Herero home,
enter through the side gate.
This is to show respect
because they have areas in their homesteads
that are restricted for ancestor worship.
Also, they don’t like
being asked direct questions.
It would be better to show them pictures
and let them comment.
The theme scripture, 1 Corinthians 9:22,
said: “I have become
“all things to people of all sorts,
“so that I might
by all possible means save some.”
And that’s really the purpose of our trip
—giving them a hope for the future.
Brothers and sisters,
let’s enjoy our trip
into the Kalahari.
So we’ve been, as a family,
involved with unassigned territory
for about 30 years.
You know, it’s just a privilege
to bring the truth
to these different cultures.
This is probably the only chance
that they will have
in this distant part of the world
to find the truth.
When you talk to them about the truth,
you see how people enjoy listening;
this is something that changes in their eyes.
The joy that we get as a family
from teaching people about Jehovah
is just incomparable;
it really rejuvenates our ministry.
Welcome to the meeting for field service.
We will see two demonstrations
presenting the good news to a Herero
and a San householder.
You put that piece of literature
in the person’s hand;
you feel a sort of peace.
My grandmother came into contact
with the Witnesses
through unassigned territory.
She moved to the city to attend meetings,
and I went with her.
I learned the truth from her,
and later we were baptized.
I work
in the translation office in Windhoek,
and now I have a part in the translation
of the literature for people
who live in remote areas like these.
We live very far in the bush,
so I was happy
when they came for the first time.
I even asked them: “Who sent you
“to my place?
Because this is the right place
that you are visiting.”
These books help me understand my Bible.
What really helps us also,
as a family,
is seeing Jehovah’s creation.
We’ve been camping here
at the big baobab tree.
I’m sure it’s thousands of years old.
It really does show you
exactly how Jehovah feels
about every person in his organization.
I mean, if he is willing
to send six vehicles and over 30 brothers
just to find one person
in one territory about 600 kilometers
(370 mi) from any congregation,
then he must have great love for each person
in the congregation.
When Jehovah looks at people
or at countries, he doesn’t see
groups or nationalities,
but he sees individuals.
And it’s really his will
that each individual human being
get to know him, learn to love him,
and have a close relationship with him.
Since I’m the only
San-speaking Witness, I will be thrilled
to speak to the San people about God’s Word
because I have seen how much joy
the truth has brought me.
The old lady we witnessed to yesterday
—I explained to her
that she will also be young,
with fresh skin.
And then she was very happy
that she could be young again,
and Jehovah is going to make a paradise soon.
It’s really nice
that we don’t overlook the children.
You could really see
that even the ones
that were sitting far came closer
and were seriously watching the Caleb videos.
So it can really touch their little hearts.
I am confident in Jehovah’s Word,
where it says
that all the nations will hear the truth
—even the San people.
Even if they are the last ones
to hear the truth, they will hear it.